[KOGITO-5300] Updating documentation of addons modules (#1463)
kiegroup/kogito-runtimes: addons/common/explainability/README.md

# Kogito Explainability Addon

> This addon enables the integration with Explainability and Trusty Services. Please check out

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Kogito Explainability Addon enables the integration with Explainability and Trusty Services. See 
```

our [official documentation](https://docs.jboss.org/kogito/release/latest/html_single/#con-trusty-service_kogito-configuring)

> to find out more about it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to find out more.
```

## Examples

> Please check the following example to explore more about this capability:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the following example to explore more about this capability:
```
